feat: DVM2.0 umip (#558)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-173.md

the number of other UMA involved in votes and, crucially, estimate how many voting rounds per period of time there will be
to work out an implied APY. This is difficult as the number of requests (and the resultant emissions) changes depending
on externalities that can't easily be modelled. This also poses complexities when working out the UMA inflation over time as
it is so dependent on the number of requests. Ideally, the UMA supply inflation (and the associated voter APY) are easy
to find and are not a function of the number of requests. 

3. The current UMA tokenomics does not distinguish between price requests and governance actions. Ideally, the DVM
should treat governance actions as democratic and avoid the schelling point penalty for voting against the majority in these
requests.

4. Today the DVM has no way of enforcing dynamic rewards for participation depending on dynamics of a given vote.
For example, we might want to penalize non-participation more if a vote is contentious. Ultimately, it would be useful to
have a more flexible mechanism for the conditions under which a voter is rewarded (or punished.)

> 5. Lastly, the current UMA tokenomics does not incentivize the locking up (staking) of UMA. The DVM and UMA token interplay

Reviewer: Maybe worth noting here or in an additional 6th point that staking + unlock timer also makes system more anti-fragile by more strongly enforcing cost of corruption - that malicious voters' stakes go to zero.

UMA more anti-fragile to price shocks and general market movements through the removal of liquidity.

The proposed upgrade aims to address all of the identified issues, as well as adding in some additional nice-to-haves. A
full list of the functionality change is listed below:

1. New DVM participation incentives:
    1. Staking rewards are emitted at a constant rate per second. This means you can work out the overall UMA inflation over time and stakers can easily work out their APY for staking in the system. This emission is shared pro-rata among all stakers.
    2. Slashing mechanism that redistributes tokens from inactive and wrong voters to the stakers who have resolved the vote correctly. This hardens the schelling point by adding a more punitive cost function with being wrong.
    3. Dynamic slashing library that can configure the amount slashed as a function of vote participation metrics. For example, the system could be configured to slash non-participates more highly the more contentious a vote is. The configuration of this module is left up to UMA governance and can be changed later via a DVM vote.

>     4. Governance votes are treated as a special price request category where slashing mechanism is not applied.

Reviewer: Except for on non-participation, correct?

2. Automatic spam protection mechanism where any non-governance votes that do not meet required participation and
agreement thresholds for a number of rounds (set by UMA governance) would be deleted. This allows voters to create a
schelling point around treating a request as spam by not voting on it.
3. Recovery mechanism where bonded emergency proposals can be executed short-circuiting the normal voting mechanism. This enables the DVM to recover from any kind of internal failure mode that could occur (breakage in the commit reveal system, contract issues or other) through a permissionless upgrade flow.
4. First class vote delegation support enabling a 1 to 1 relationship between the delegator and delegate wallets. This lets a voter delegate from a secure cold storage wallet to a hot wallet. The hot wallet can commit, reveal and claim and re-stake their rewards but can't access the underlying stake. More complex delegation systems (e.g. pooled UMA staking with delegate voting) can be built on top of this externally to the core UMA contracts, if desired.

> 5. Governance proposals now include ancillary data enabling better identification for voters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Governance proposals can now include ancillary data, allowing for better identifying information to be included with vote proposals.
```

5. New `FixedSlashSlashingLibrary.sol` that calculates the amount of tokens to slash for not voting or voting wrong (implementation [here](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/blob/3ad31b3aab3cf342f6a91dce54032fe0ee1b15c8/packages/core/contracts/data-verification-mechanism/implementation/FixedSlashSlashingLibrary.sol)).

The associated deployments for these contracts can be found in this table:
| **Contract Name**               | **Deployment Address** |
|---------------------------------|------------------------|
| `VotingV2.sol`                  |                        |
| `ProposerV2.sol`                |                        |
| `EmergencyProposer.sol`         |                        |
| `GovernorV2.sol`                |                        |
| `FixedSlashSlashingLibrary.sol` |                        |

// TODO: Document deployed contract parameters.

> The proposed upgrade process involves a number of steps and is described in detail [here](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/blob/master/packages/scripts/src/upgrade-tests/voting2/readme.md). The upgrade involves proposing a number of upgrade transactions to the DVM that are then executed. These transactions involve a number of detailed steps (and the exact implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/blob/master/packages/scripts/src/upgrade-tests/voting2/1_Propose.ts)) and are briefly mentioned below:

Reviewer: Probably should mention the permissioned execution contract as well.

## Headers

| UMIP-173   |                                                                                                                       |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| UMIP Title | Approve DVM upgrade to DVM2.0                                                                                         |
| Authors    | Chris Maree (chris@umaproject.org), Pablo Maldonado (pablo@umaproject.org), Reinis Martinsons (reinis@umaproject.org) |
| Status     | Draft                                                                                                                 |
| Created    | October 26, 2022                                                                                                      |

> 

Reviewer 2: Add discourse link - https://discourse.umaproject.org/t/approve-dvm-upgrade-to-dvm-2-0/1935
